Briefly explain the main idea behind the technology you're researching, what is it exactly? what is it for?
How does it work?

http://money.cnn.com/quote/profile/profile.html?symb=TWTR

1. Twitter, Inc. is a global platform for public self-expression and conversation in real time. It provides a network that connects users to people, information, ideas, opinions, and news. The company's services include live commentary, live connections and live conversations. Its application provides social networking services and micro-blogging services through mobile devices and the Internet.
 The company can also be used as a marketing tool for businesses.

Who are the important people and/or organizations related to this technology?
Don't just list names, briefly explain who these are and what their relationship to your research area is.

- http://www.businessinsider.com/how-twitter-was-founded-2011-4 (scandal between Glass and Dorsey)
- Twitter was founded by Jack Dorsey, Christopher Isaac Stone, Noah E. Glass, Jeremy LaTrasse, and Evan Williams on March 21, 2006 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.

- Most Followed People on Twitter (according to time.com)
Katy Perry — 108 million followers
Justin Bieber — 105 million followers
Barack Obama — 100 million followers
Rihanna — 86 million followers
Taylor Swift — 86 million followers
Ellen DeGeneres — 77 million followers
Lady Gaga — 77 million followers
Cristiano Ronaldo — 69 million followers

What are the important historical events/milestones in the development of this technology
 and why do they seem particularly note worthy?

Twitter is interesting in that it was easily dismissed in its initial launch for being useless and shallow.
Currently, Twitter is being taken more seriously as it is an instant way of distributing information, as seen in its use during various protests and riots all over the world. The microblogging format of the social media platform has allowed people to voice information and opinions with the press of a button.
[Twitter was truly cemented in history occurred five years ago when US Airways Flight 1549 was forced to make an abrupt landing in the Hudson River, and the first news “reporting” came from Jānis Krūms, a rescuer who took a picture of the passengers standing on the wings of the plane and shared on Twitter as fellow rescuers were heading towards the plane. It’ll forever be an iconic image, and an iconic moment in time](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/adam-wexler/twitter-is-the-21st-centu_b_4774976.html]
It also more recently showed a big presence in the 2017 Presidential Election.)

Draw (literally or figuratively) connections between the technology you are researching and other related technology. This could include sub-categories within your research area and/or technological predecessors and/or technology which is otherwise related to your area.
- [Open Source](https://beta.techcrunch.com/2012/08/30/how-twitter-uses-open-source/)
-  Twitter [utilizes](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies)
  - Cookies are small files that websites place on your computer as you browse the web. Like many websites, Twitter uses cookies to discover how people are using our services and to make them work better.

  - A pixel is a small amount of code on a web page or in an email notification. As many services do, we use pixels to learn whether you’ve interacted with certain web or email content. This helps us measure and improve our services and personalize your experience on Twitter.

  - Local storage is an industry-standard technology that allows a website or application to store information locally on your computer or mobile device. We use local storage to customize what we show you based on your past interactions with Twitter.
